umn/source/getting_started/step_1_creating_a_dis_stream.rst, before:

:original_name: dis_01_0601.html

.. _dis_01_0601:

Step 1: Creating a DIS Stream
=============================

You can create a DIS stream on the DIS management console.

Procedure
---------

#. Use the account to log in to the DIS console.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001266897449.jpg
      :alt: **Figure 1** DIS management console

      **Figure 1** DIS management console

#. Click |image1| in the upper left corner of the page and select a region and project.

#. .. _dis_01_0601__li23032735111458:

   Click Create Stream and set related parameters.

   .. table:: **Table 1** Stream parameters

      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Parameter              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Example               |
      +========================+===================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+=======================+
      | Region                 | Physical location of the cloud service. You can select a different region from the drop-down list.                                                                                                                                                                                                | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | **Basic Information**  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Stream Name            | Name of the DIS stream to be created. A stream name is 1 to 64 characters long. Only letters, digits, hyphens (-), and underscores (_) are allowed.                                                                                                                                               | dis-Tido              |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Stream Type            | -  **Common**: Each partition supports a maximum read speed of 2 MB/s and a maximum write speed of 1 MB/s.                                                                                                                                                                                        | ``-``                 |
      |                        | -  **Advanced**: Each partition supports a maximum read speed of 10 MB/s and a maximum write speed of 5 MB/s.                                                                                                                                                                                     |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Partitions             | Partitions are the base throughput unit of a DIS stream.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 5                     |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | -  For a common DIS stream, the value of **Partitions** is an integer from 1 to 50. A tenant can create a maximum of 50 partitions.                                                                                                                                                               |                       |
      |                        | -  For an advanced DIS stream, the value of **Partitions** is an integer from 1 to 10. A tenant can create a maximum of 10 partitions.                                                                                                                                                            |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Partition Calculator   | Calculator used to calculate the estimated number of partitions based on the information you entered.                                                                                                                                                                                             | ``-``                 |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | a. Click **Partition Calculator**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                       |
      |                        | b. In the **Partition Calculator** dialog box, configure the **Average Record Size (KB)**, **Max. Records Written**, and **Consumer Applications** parameters. The **Estimated Partitions** field then displays the recommended number of partitions. The value of this field cannot be modified. |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |    .. note::                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       Partition calculation formulas:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       -  Based on the traffic (the final value must be rounded up):                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          Common stream: Average record size x (1 + 20%) x Maximum records written/ (1 x 1024 KB) (20% is the reserved partition percentage.)                                                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          Advanced stream: Average record size x (1 + 20%) x Maximum records written/ (5 x 1024 KB) (20% is the reserved partition percentage.)                                                                                                                                                    |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       -  Based on the consumer program quantity (the final value must be rounded up):                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          (Number of consumer programs/2) x Number of partitions calculated based on the traffic (The result of the number of consumer programs/2 must reserve two decimals.)                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          The largest value among the values calculated based on the previous three formulas is considered as the estimated partition value.                                                                                                                                                       |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | c. Click **Use Estimated Value**. The estimated value is automatically used as the value of **Partitions**.                                                                                                                                                                                       |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Data Retention (hours) | The maximum number of hours for which data can be preserved in DIS. Data will be deleted when the retention period expires.                                                                                                                                                                       | 24                    |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | Value range: an integer ranging from 24 to 72.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Configure              | Click **Configure now**. The **Tag** parameter is displayed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | ``-``                 |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | For details about how to add a tag, see :ref:`Managing Stream Tags <dis_01_0050>`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Skip                   | No advanced settings need to be configured.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Tag                    | Identifier of the stream. Adding tags to streams can help you identify and manage your stream resources.                                                                                                                                                                                          | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

#. Click . The **Details** page is displayed.

#. Click **Submit**.

.. |image1| image:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001222257350.png

Commit message:

Synchronize User Guide (#32)
Synchronize User Guide

Overwriting document
from: ssh://git@gitea.eco.tsi-dev.otc-service.com:2222/docs/data-ingestion-service
to:   git@github.com:/opentelekomcloud-docs/data-ingestion-service
Performed-by: gitea/infra/otc-metadata/tools/sync_doc_repo.py

Reviewed-by: mikacur

umn/source/getting_started/step_1_creating_a_dis_stream.rst, after:

:original_name: dis_01_0601.html

.. _dis_01_0601:

Step 1: Creating a DIS Stream
=============================

You can create a DIS stream on the DIS management console.

Procedure
---------

#. Use the account to log in to the DIS console.


   .. figure:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0000001403080926.gif
      :alt: **Figure 1** DIS management console

      **Figure 1** DIS management console

#. Click |image1| in the upper left corner of the page and select a region and project.

#. Click Create Stream and set related parameters.

   .. _dis_01_0601__table1518745742610:

   .. table:: **Table 1** Stream parameters

      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Parameter              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Example               |
      +========================+===================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+=======================+
      | Region                 | Physical location of the cloud service. You can select a different region from the drop-down list.                                                                                                                                                                                                | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | **Basic Information**  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Stream Name            | Name of the DIS stream to be created. A stream name is 1 to 64 characters long. Only letters, digits, hyphens (-), and underscores (_) are allowed.                                                                                                                                               | dis-Tido              |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Stream Type            | -  **Common**: Each partition supports a maximum read speed of 2 MB/s and a maximum write speed of 1 MB/s.                                                                                                                                                                                        | ``-``                 |
      |                        | -  **Advanced**: Each partition supports a maximum read speed of 10 MB/s and a maximum write speed of 5 MB/s.                                                                                                                                                                                     |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Partitions             | Partitions are the base throughput unit of a DIS stream.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 5                     |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | -  For a common DIS stream, the value of **Partitions** is an integer from 1 to 50. A tenant can create a maximum of 50 partitions.                                                                                                                                                               |                       |
      |                        | -  For an advanced DIS stream, the value of **Partitions** is an integer from 1 to 10. A tenant can create a maximum of 10 partitions.                                                                                                                                                            |                       |
      |                        | -  Both common DIS streams and advanced DIS streams can automatically scale up. You can also scale them up manually. **Significantly**, a maximum of 10 automatic scale-up, 10 manual scale-up, and 1 scale-down operations can be performed for each stream **within one hour.**                 |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Partition Calculator   | Calculator used to calculate the estimated number of partitions based on the information you entered.                                                                                                                                                                                             | ``-``                 |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | a. Click **Partition Calculator**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                       |
      |                        | b. In the **Partition Calculator** dialog box, configure the **Average Record Size (KB)**, **Max. Records Written**, and **Consumer Applications** parameters. The **Estimated Partitions** field then displays the recommended number of partitions. The value of this field cannot be modified. |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |    .. note::                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       Partition calculation formulas:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       -  Based on the traffic (the final value must be rounded up):                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          Common stream: Average record size x (1 + 20%) x Maximum records written/ (1 x 1024 KB) (20% is the reserved partition percentage.)                                                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          Advanced stream: Average record size x (1 + 20%) x Maximum records written/ (5 x 1024 KB) (20% is the reserved partition percentage.)                                                                                                                                                    |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |       -  Based on the consumer program quantity (the final value must be rounded up):                                                                                                                                                                                                             |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          (Number of consumer programs/2) x Number of partitions calculated based on the traffic (The result of the number of consumer programs/2 must reserve two decimals.)                                                                                                                      |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        |          The largest value among the values calculated based on the previous three formulas is considered as the estimated partition value.                                                                                                                                                       |                       |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | c. Click **Use Estimated Value**. The estimated value is automatically used as the value of **Partitions**.                                                                                                                                                                                       |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Data Retention (hours) | The maximum number of hours for which data can be preserved in DIS. Data will be deleted when the retention period expires.                                                                                                                                                                       | 24                    |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | Value range: an integer ranging from 24 to 72.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Configure              | Click **Configure now**. The **Tag** parameter is displayed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | ``-``                 |
      |                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                       |
      |                        | For details about how to add a tag, see :ref:`Managing Stream Tags <dis_01_0050>`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |                       |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Skip                   | No advanced settings need to be configured.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+
      | Tag                    | Identifier of the stream. Adding tags to streams can help you identify and manage your stream resources.                                                                                                                                                                                          | ``-``                 |
      +------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------+

#. Click **Next**. The **Details** page is displayed.

#. Click **Submit**.

.. |image1| image:: /_static/images/en-us_image_0120206164.png
