umn/source/monitoring/setting_alarm_rules.rst, before:

:original_name: dis_01_0132.html

.. _dis_01_0132:

Setting Alarm Rules
===================

Scenario
--------

You can customize the monitored objects and notification policies by setting alarm rules to learn DIS running status in a timely manner.

A DIS alarm rule includes the alarm rule name, monitored object, metric, threshold, monitoring interval, and whether to send a notification. This section describes how to set DIS alarm rules.

Procedure
---------

#. Log in to the management console.
#. Choose **All Services** > **Management & Deployment** > **Cloud Eye**.
#. In the left navigation pane, choose **Alarm Management** > **Alarm Rules** > **Create Alarm Rule**.
#. Set alarm rules for the DIS stream as prompted. Currently, only custom alarm rules are supported.
#. After the setting is complete, click **Create**. When an alarm that meets the rule is generated, the system automatically sends a notification.

   .. note::

      For more information about DIS alarm rules, see the *Cloud Eye User Guide*.

Commit message:

Synchronize User Guide (#32)
Synchronize User Guide

Overwriting document
from: ssh://git@gitea.eco.tsi-dev.otc-service.com:2222/docs/data-ingestion-service
to:   git@github.com:/opentelekomcloud-docs/data-ingestion-service
Performed-by: gitea/infra/otc-metadata/tools/sync_doc_repo.py

Reviewed-by: mikacur

umn/source/monitoring/setting_alarm_rules.rst, after:

:original_name: dis_01_0132.html

.. _dis_01_0132:

Setting Alarm Rules
===================

Scenario
--------

You can customize the monitored objects and notification policies by setting alarm rules to learn DIS running status in a timely manner.

A DIS alarm rule includes the alarm rule name, monitored object, metric, threshold, monitoring interval, and whether to send a notification. This section describes how to set DIS alarm rules.

Procedure
---------

#. Log in to the management console.
#. Choose **Service List** > **Management & Governance** > **Cloud Eye**.
#. In the left navigation pane, choose **Alarm Management** > **Alarm Rules**. In the right pane, click **Create Alarm Rule**.
#. Set alarm rules for the DIS stream as prompted. Currently, only custom alarm rules are supported.
#. After configuring the required parameters, click **Create**. When an alarm that meets the rule is generated, the system automatically sends a notification.

   .. note::

      For more information about DIS alarm rules, see the *Cloud Eye User Guide*.
